Week 1
This week the group formed, and after much discussion and debate, we decided to do the investment
Simulator project. We had a meeting on Monday to break down the problem into user stories, and decided to
add watch prices and a prediction algorithm as additional features. We ended the meeting by dividing up
the user stores between us to complete. I was assigned the portfolio and purchases user stories.
In this meeting I also volunteered to be the scrum-master of our team.

Week 2
This week the group set up our Jira account and github classroom repo. We had a meeting were we 
consolidated all our user stories and entered them into Jira. We also discussed the project proposal, and
who was going to tackle each section. I was assigned the story board section of the proposal, as well
as the sprint planning.

Week 3
This week we completed the project proposal, and it was time to start coding in our first sprint. We were all assigned different
user stories to complete. I was assigned the Front end tickets for searching a stock and adding a stock to a
watchlist.

Week 4
This week we completed our first sprint, and I successfully completed the stories I was assigned (i.e. front end
for searching stocks and adding stocks to a watchlist) with little to no issues. We started sprint 2 this week, 
where I was assigned the front end tickets for removing a stock from a watchlist, and viewing the watchlist 
(including the graph)

Week 5
This week the team worked on our user stories, completed sprint 2, and worked on the progress demo. We also ran into a first major obstacle,
which involved our sqlite database. We realised part way into development that Django (the web framework we decided
to use) has inbuilt database functionaity, which will intergrate much easier with our front and backend code than 
a seperate SQLite3 database. Thus, after the demo, we decided to migrate our exisitng database into djangos database.
Since I was more focused on the demo this week, I did not complete my ticket, Thus, they were rolled over into the next
sprint (sprint 3).

Week 6
This week was the uni break, meaning the team had extra time to make progress on the project. The group met in person
to work on the project at uni, where we finally sorted out the new django database. We decidied to mix up who was working
on which tickets so we could better play to each others strengths. I reassigned my front end tickets to Ryan (who is 
currently taking a frontend course), and I assinged the backend buy and sell stock tickets to myself. Note the these
tickets had already been started by Daniel, however extra work was need to intergate the functions with the new database.
This week also marked the end of sprint 3 and the start of sprint 4.

Week 7
This week went a lot more smoothly than the previous 2 weeks, with no major issues and all my tickets being completed
on time. The team closed sprint 4 and started sprint 5, where I was assigned the view purchases/portfolio functionality.

Week 8
This week marked the end of sprint 5, where I had successfully finished my view purchases/portfolio tickets on time.
By the end of the week, all the tickets that were initally created in week two were either complete or very close to completion. 
Despite it not being in our intial proposal, I decided to create a new ticket for Leaderboard functionaity, and
assigned it to myself to work on over the next week. I was also tasked with doing an overall 'code cleanup', which
involves ensuring all funcitons are documented, code is structured neatly, and files are grouped into logical
directories.

Week 9
This week I successfully completed the Leaderboard functionaity and code cleanup, as well as worked on my assigned
sections of the report (i.e. The User Manual). We also fixed up any remaining bugs in our code. The code
and report were both fully completed on the sunday of week nine, more than 24 hours before the due date. Next week
the teams plans to prepare and present our project demo.

Week 10
Prepare/present project demo