week1
group formed. I created the discord channel for the team to communicate.
 I also found and discussed with the team all available software tools and
libraries that we can use for the project.
I was assigned with Jeff to do the back end programming. We decided to use python.

Week2
I wrote some user stories before the discussion, and these drafts were later used in the discussion which we summorised 5 epic stories and put other 
detailed story under it. Late that week I post the user stories of the initial version to the jira issue board. Which will be later modified by Reily.

Week3
After finishing the user stories, I worked on the background statement in the project proposal. Reily modified it a bit afterall. I also post the user stories 
stuff alone with screenshots in the report, explaining which user story does what.

Week4
We had a few meeting discussing things about spliting the work, and I was assigned to do the buy/sell function, I wrote some code later that week.

Week5
I have a face to face meeting with Ryan and Jeff, we wrote some code together and discussed the data structure. We were working on some fix about the search function, 
the buy /sell function and database query and adding some error checking. The function works correctly.

Week6-7 
We are making great progress on implementing the backend and the frontend. We had a face to face meeting on Week6 Thursday and during that 
time Ryan and Reily were working on the new data base query, and I help jeff to finish the set watch price function. After finishing implementing the function of 
buy and sell, Ryan made some modification to it so it worked properly with the backend. I then did some research on the price perdiction staff
and plan to do that in week8.

Week 8
Working on the prediction function and the algorithm, finishing up with a basic model which takes 60 days of previous data and generate a linear functions
that showing the expecting results of the following week. It's a little messed up and looks just like a straight line in the graph, so I added some random factors to
the line. Reliy and Ryan doesn't like that random factor much, so I am going to remove it and try some different model to make it looks like not a smooth line.

Week 9
I've tried SVM,Bayesian, logstic algorithm, they either don't work out or just inappropriate, so I turned back to simple linear regression. I used 4 factor, highest/lowest price,
and opening/closing price as factors of predication. The final result is still linear, but teammate all agreed on that. I also made some changes to the function that
fetch the historical data to fit for the changes.